Update changelog for 0.3 version (#59)
Kotlin/kotlinx.collections.immutable: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 0.3

- Turn the JVM-only project into a multiplatform library

>     * Builder iterators are fast-fail only on JVM. Modifying builder outside the iterator being used leads to unspecified behavior on other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Builder iterators are fast-fail only on JVM. On the other platforms modifying the builder during iteration not through the corresponding iterator can invalidate the iterator state in an unspecified way.
```

>     * macosX64, iosX64, iosArm64, iosArm32, linuxX64 and mingwX64 native platforms are supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *In addition to JVM and JS platforms, macosX64, iosX64, iosArm64, iosArm32, linuxX64, and mingwX64 native platforms are supported.
```
